{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\deflang2057\plain\fs24\fet1
{\fonttbl
{\f0\froman Arial;}
}
{\info
{\createim\yr2020\mo2\dy4\hr19\min48}
}

\paperw11907\paperh16840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440
\slmult0\ltrpar\li0
{\fs28
I am visualizing nuances in intimacy & consent because I want to show how thresholds of consent vary amongst people and can contribute to different reactions within and around them, in order help people gain a better understanding of their own human dynamics, thresholds of consent, and ultimately facilitate better communication between people
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li200
{\b\fs24
Consent and its role in society today
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li400
{\fs20
Consent is a term that applies to many situations:
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li600
{\fs20
Sexual relationships
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li600
{\fs20
Familial relationships
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li600
{\fs20
Friends
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li600
{\fs20
Strangers
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li200
{\b\fs24
How can we reframe intimacy?
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li400
{\fs20
How can reframing intimacy bring people closer today?
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li400
{\fs20
How can we be more vulnerable in order to understand ourselves and each other better?
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li200
{\b\fs24
Key background research questions (interview/survey?):
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li400
{\fs20
What is consent to you?
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li400
{\fs20
What is intimacy to you?
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li400
{\fs20
What are the characteristics of someone or some place that makes you feel safe?
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li400
{\fs20
How can we break down barriers between people?
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li400
{\fs20
How can we better facilitate communication amongst people?
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li400
{\fs20
What are the characteristics of a "safe space"?
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li400
{\fs20
Give me an example of a time when you felt like your consent was violated (in any context)?
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li400
{\fs20
Resources
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li600
{\fs20
Lasting Relationships Research Data Archive 
{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://dataverse.harvard.edu/dataset.xhtml?persistentId=doi%3A10.7910%2FDVN%2FKQ4F3F"}{\fldrslt (link)}}
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li600
{\fs20
National Couples Survey, 2005-2006 
{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.icpsr.umich.edu/icpsrweb/ICPSR/studies/24384"}{\fldrslt (link)}}
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li200
{\b\fs24
How do you visualize nuances in categorical data?
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li200
{\b\fs24
Viz 1. What does it feel like when you are being transgressed (can be minor, major, etc?) What are key signs to look for when you know people are experiencing discomfort?
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li400
{\fs20
Need dataset for this: preexisting or crowdsourced to get metrics for consent (transgression level, feelings before and after, different situations, demographics)
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li200
{\b\fs24
Viz 2: Create a platform that visualizes daily situations in life where boundaries are being crossed
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li400
{\fs20
Allows users to get a better sense of what makes them uncomfortable and better prepare for those situations/make sure they don't happen
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li400
{\fs20
Allows users to remind themselves that they are not at fault (FALSIFIED MEMORIES) >> often times post-event, people think that they were at fault, could have done something different even though at the time of event, they think otherwise
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li400
{\fs20
Dataset: self-tracking and/or crowdsourced
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li600
{\fs20
Need to create a set of questions
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li200
{\b\fs24
Background references & data sources
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li400
{\fs20
With whom do you feel most intimate?: Exploring the quality of Facebook friendships in relation to similarities and interaction behaviors 
{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://journals.plos.org/plosone/article?id=10.1371/journal.pone.0176319"}{\fldrslt (link)}}
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li400
{\fs20
sarnthil/unify-emotion-datasets 
{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://github.com/sarnthil/unify-emotion-datasets/tree/master/datasets"}{\fldrslt (link)}}
}
\par\pard\plain
\slmult0\ltrpar\li400
{\fs20
Interpersonal Power in Intimate Relationships: A Data-Driven Learning Guide 
{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "https://www.icpsr.umich.edu/icpsrweb/instructors/biblio/resources/111135"}{\fldrslt (link)}}
}
\par\pard\plain
}